= CssTt

CssTt provides a simple way for creating pure css based tooltips. It was inspired by Alexander Dawson post http://sixrevisions.com/css/css-only-tooltips/ and some Alex Hall improvements http://www.devseo.co.uk/examples/pure-css-tooltips/, so I just wraped that up to a simple Rails plugin.

== Instalation

  (sudo) gem install css_tt

Then
  script/generate css_tt
which will generate css files and copy icon images to your public dir.

You will also need to add css to any layout header you will use css_tt in.
  <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'css_tt' %>
or
  <%= stylesheet_link_tag 'application', 'your_css_files', 'css_tt', :cache => 'cached_css' %>
and add
  config.gem "css_tt"
in your environment.rb file
== Example

css_tt() helper method returns a html markup which with help of css makes tooltips for given string

Use helper in your views e.g.: 
  <%= css_tt("I am text to be explained on hover", "I am the text in tooltip") %>
This will generate a classic popup

Some options are available for tooltips, like :type, :transition and :title
- :type => possible options are :classic, :critical, :help, :warning, :info type defines the look of the tooltip and if other than classic adds an icon. Types are quite self explainable
- :transition => works only for webkit based browsers (i.e. Chrome, Safari), but is unobtrusive and does nothing on other browsers, because it's css based
- :title => tootip title, optional

You can use tooltips for whatever inline html element you want and add any 
inline elements inside the tooltip.
  <%= css_tt(link_to(smth, path), 
          "<b>find</b> more #{link_to('here', path)}", 
          :type => :info,
          :title => "Outside link",
          :transition => :left) %>
          
How do these look like http://www.devseo.co.uk/examples/pure-css-tooltips/
          
== Future

In the future I expect to add more optional tooltip styles to css_tt

== Collaboration 

If you are a good designer, have some css styles for tooltips and want them in this gem, pm me http://github.com/medwezys.
Keep in mind that the structure of tooltip styles should be simmilar i.e. types - classic, info, warning, critical, help and so on. These are defined using css classes. More info in Alexander Dawson post http://sixrevisions.com/css/css-only-tooltips/

Copyright (c) 2010 Tadas Tamosauskas, Alexander Dawson, Alex Hall. 
Released under the MIT license
